{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Continuo;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red184\green46\blue46;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c72157\c18039\c18039;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
Home \
I felt the urgency to learn Visual Media Design for my Marketing career aswell as for Lifes long journey of Entrepreneurship and creativity. \
This class has helped me gain the skills neccessary to apply to many design scenarios, where in the past I had to outsource.\
\
This Photoshop project was a blast to create. I grabbed different elements,  maniuplated them with effects, and put them together to create a Mushroom Space world where we reside. To finish it off, I swirled an overlay rainbow effect off the center of my patch and created a negative maple leafe border for a  finishing touch. \
\
Illustrator was very useful to learn in terms of the ability to manipulate shapes to create anything imaginable. \
In this project I traced an Astronaut using only shapes. After some practice I got quicker at duplicating a shape and making it slightly larger with each duplication to create a 3d look or scaling ripple effect on the clothing.\
\
Animating was a lot of fun \cf2 \kerning1\expnd7\expndtw38
!\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
For my final project I used elements from my raster and vector projects to make them feel alive . I took on a challenge with learning to how make the astronauts hand make a movement as the entire astronaut is also moving down the screen. It worked out and with more time I would have made more limbs move and dangle around. \
\
Adobe In Design was very useful to put everything together into one consolidated catalogue. Here I learned best practiced and skills necessary to build multiple pages with consistent design elements whether it be for a brochure, magazine, PDF, and web layout to name a few applications. \
\
\
Contact\
If you desire to contact me, you have reached the right page. \
Are you in need of some epic photos with edits?\
Are you looking for an Animated film?\
Do you lack design or just want something with a little more flare? \
\
Don\'92t be shy to Shoot me a note with your dreams and desires and hopefully I can fulfill what you are looking for.\
I have a solid team of Photographers, Videographers, and 3D Animators to fulfill any media needs.\
\
\
}